you know I didn't think the first half
was that great I thought we were a
little bit passive we had a very hard
time winning second balls and you know
in in possession we could have been much
better I realized that the field had a
lot to do with it and it wasn't easy
pitch to play on especially when you
want to play a passing game like ours so
you know that affected the guys and then
you know I think with the three that
they had in midfield it unbalanced us a
little gave us a disadvantage in
midfield it was hard to compensate for
that and as a result we you know we
weren't affected winning the first ball
or the second one um in the second half
after the first five six minutes I think
we really came into the match well and
we're combining central you know and
those of the spots that we identified
before the game that we can potentially
hurt them it's in the vertical spaces
and and we got those and Kennedy had
some good opportunities and they hear
had some good opportunities and we're
moving the ball well and the second half
I think we really you know stepped up
the performance and in my eyes because
of that you know deserve to win no but
I'm exactly at home okay so mean a very
efficient to come to your number all
much done first I early caroling in more
hands of Natalia would elegance Cabral
musket or not positive the first command
both hello nurse waters couple more than
self worth amba home what we still shaky
to talk be much you know you're at
better health and safety and remand how
am I be a bad turn also been that way
commenting on valve's never worked on
for spell O'Neill imagine yet you know
well Angus ND scopus Ali to prime up
lonesome you so the English I ahmedabad
exactly rama byzantine rat-faced to the
abyss waiting for impress their own the
earth generators in not more relation to
play a febrile a bit associate entreaty
tasman the metro and agency a big lead
on her know Sarah marine thank you note
more put here and Rob rollin smoke is
rather as much minority Sinatra slapping
her number saucer my name is I oh mama
bear clawed back 30 min rat-faced so
before yoga pose if remote customers
please ask this great weekend the back
on Fitch you're starting to get points
again you see the difference between
winning and losing um you know he's he's
he's probably the best player in the
league one of the best players in the
league everybody knows that so he helps
the squad you know he helps the squad
with special moments like tonight that
you see you know his goal but you know
the idea is that we should we you know
we want to position ourselves to be able
to win without and you know out of the
seven games that he was gone we won
three of them so you know he makes a big
difference he'd make a big difference on
any team in this league um Carlson had a
sinus issue he had he had an issue that
he couldn't breathe well and you know
because of that we didn't hesitate I
think that you know the key was to get a
guy who can perform and his you know
who's fit and Christoph was eager to
play in the game so to me it made
perfect sense you know I want the guys
to buy into you know that if their
performance of the under-21s or
performance when training makes a
difference and he's been exceptional in
the last couple weeks in training and
you know his performance under 21s and
he deserved it you know he was a guy we
wanted to hold the ball to create
chances and I think he filled the role
really well and training you know and
training he's been doing really well and
again he's a guy that that earned a spot
you know that's that's how we want you
know spots to be taken through earning
it in training in 20 ones